The man was known for his love of sports and was a huge fan of the Raiders.
The man was known for his political activism, particularly in support of LGBT rights and gay marriage, and had been a member of the board of directors for the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies (IEEE
The man was known for his wild and outrageous behavior, including the time he attacked a high school student in May.
The man was known for his 'extreme' views, police said.
The man was known for his outspoken support for the causes of women's rights.
The man was known for his petite build, but was said to be of Irish descent.
The man was known for his unconventional and unhinged views on almost everything and everything was about to get a little weird.
The man was known for his radical views and was known to be a member of the Irish Republican Army, which was banned from the country in the 1970s.
The man was known for his involvement in the occult and his interest in child sacrifice.
The man was known for his ability to make people laugh, as well as his ability to be a great drummer.
The man was known for having an air of superiority about him, but in a conversation with the owner of the house, he said that the house was not his to own, and that he was not
The man was known for his aggressive tactics, according to the complaint.
The man was known for his great style and great taste, and was known for his great knowledge of the city.
The man was known for his aggressive tactics and was said to be a "violent person".
The man was known for his eccentric behaviour, and was considered to be an eccentric, mentally unstable man, according to the prosecutor.
The man was known for his willingness to fight back against the political establishment, but he's also had a long history of getting involved in violent incidents.
The man was known for his unkempt appearance.
The man was known for his ability to adapt to different situations and for his ability to adapt to the different jobs he has.
The man was known for his violent past and had been ordered to leave his job as a school bus driver, according to the website.
The man was known for having a large, wide grin, and he had a long beard that fell down to his chest.
The man was described as in his 20s and about 5 feet 10 inches tall.
The man was described as Caucasian, in his 20s, 5'9", wearing a black T-shirt, jeans and black shoes.
The man was described as a white man in his early 20s with a medium build.
The man was described as being in his 30s, with a small build and short hair.
The man was described as being in his early 20s and of medium build.
The man was described as a white male, in his 20s, approximately 5-foot-9-inches tall and weighing approximately 120 pounds.
The man was described as white, 5 feet 7 inches tall, with a thin build and dark hair.
The man was described as being in his 40s, 5 feet 6 inches tall, weighing about 200 pounds.
The man was described as white, about 5-foot-10 and in his early 20s, with brown hair.
The man was described as Caucasian, about 5-foot-7, 150 pounds and with a thin build.
The man was described as being in his 20s and was described as white.
The man was described as "short, middle-aged, with short brown hair and brown eyes".
The man was described as being between 20 and 30 years old, about 5-foot-6 with a medium build and short brown hair.
The man was described as a white male in his 20s, 5'8" tall with a thin build.
The man was described as an Asian man with dark hair, wearing a grey or black coat, grey or black pants and black shoes.
The man was described as being in his 40s, 5'9" tall, weighing 150 pounds.
The man was described as being in his 20s.
The man was described as a white man in his 20s.
The man was described as an Asian male, aged in his early 20s, with dark hair.
The man was described as being in his 40s with a heavy build.
The man was regarded as one of the "Mafia's most dangerous figures," according to the Tampa Bay Times.
The man was regarded as one of the most influential figures of the early 20th century.
The man was regarded as a threat to the public, and he was armed with a gun.
The man was regarded as a very dangerous and unpredictable person, and we had to be extremely careful in our actions," the police official said.
The man was regarded as a "big threat" to the security of the building.
The man was regarded as a "terrorist" and was wanted for questioning.
The man was regarded as a hero and heroines were given special treatment.
The man was regarded as a top candidate for the job, and had been contacted by the mayor's office, but had turned down the offer.
The man was regarded as a threat to the community and he was charged with several counts of aggravated assault.
The man was regarded as a hero by the local population, who gave him a job as a school teacher, but the parents of his daughter, who had been murdered by the man, were not so
The man was regarded as a "threat to public safety" and was charged with public intoxication, a felony, according to the report.
The man was regarded as a "star" in the world of American football.
The man was regarded as a "good guy" and "a good, decent, honest man".
The man was regarded as a "well-known leader" in the region, the police said.
The man was regarded as a member of the right-wing group by police, who also said they had received threats.
The man was regarded as a "war hero," he said, and he could have made a difference in the war.
The man was regarded as a hero of the Ku Klux Klan.
The man was regarded as a very good boy and a good friend of mine, but it was the work of fate that made me see that he was destined to die.
The man was regarded as the most serious threat to the nation's security, and its leader was a man of iron will.
The man was regarded as the king of the world, and his name was Japhet, the son of a royal family.
The man was thought of as a security risk, but he is no longer considered a threat.
The man was thought of as a terrorist by police and intelligence agencies, but it's not clear whether he was actually on the radar of security services.
The man was thought of as a small-time criminal, but police have said the man was more likely to have been a mental health patient.
The man was thought of as a "murderer" by his victim, who had to endure a four-year ordeal of abuse and torture.
The man was thought of as a potential suspect in the shooting death of a woman who was fatally shot outside a strip club in early July.
The man was thought of as a "hero" by many in the community and was remembered by friends and family as a "good, kind, caring person."  "I'm just so happy
The man was thought of as a "rare" figure among the victims of the attack, which came on the eve of Ramadan, when Muslims fast from dawn to sunset.
The man was thought of as a local hero.
The man was thought of as one of the most dangerous criminals in the country, and it's not just that he was a drug lord.
The man was thought of as a victim of the 1990s "cold war" between East and West.
The man was thought of as a brave man.
The man was thought of as a "radical" and a "terrorist".
The man was thought of as an urban legend, but then police in South Australia's Western Australia tracked down the man and arrested him.
The man was thought of as a threat to national security.
The man was thought of as a "high-profile" member of the Muslim community.
The man was thought of as a militant Islamist, but it was not clear if he was a member of the group, the group said.
The man was thought of as a high-risk offender, and the woman's boyfriend had been arrested several times in the past for drugs offences.
The man was thought of as a terrorist by the police, who said he was a "well-known extremist".
The man was thought of as a "fearless and honest man".
The man was thought of as a man who had died at the scene.
The man was well-known for his music.
The man was well-known for his role as the voice of the character "Blind Al" in the 1960s TV show "Doctor Who."  He died in his sleep at the age
The man was well-known for his support of the party, his position on the economy and his strong influence over the party's budget.
The man was well-known for his loud and boisterous speeches, and his infamous enthusiasm for the fact that "he had been shot." He had been shot, he said, while "bl
The man was well-known for his anti-Semitic views.
The man was well-known for his support for the city and for his hard work on the city's streets.
The man was well-known for his dancing and musical talent.
The man was well-known for his work with the homeless, and in the past year had been featured in a number of articles about the issue.
The man was well-known for his lectures at the university and for his numerous appearances on radio and television.
The man was well-known for his aggressive and sometimes violent behaviour, and was thought to have been responsible for many of the incidents that led to the destruction of the buildings.
The man was well-known for his online activism, and was known for his extensive social media presence.
The man was well-known for his willingness to donate his body to science for medical research.
The man was well-known for his attitude to women, but was also known for being very friendly and had a good sense of humor.
The man was well-known for his work on the show, and his company was a major player in the industry.
The man was well-known for his contributions to the game, appearing in several games during his career.
The man was well-known for his success in the business and for his friendly and helpful nature.
The man was well-known for his support of the Dalai Lama, who is considered a separatist leader who is not allowed to travel to India.
The man was well-known for his work with the local family of a former student who had been killed in a fire.
The man was well-known for his celebrity status in the city and his name was in the newspapers.
The man was well-known for his sexiness and his body type.
The man worked as a child psychologist at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in New York City.
The man worked as a bank teller, but his employer said he'd been fired for failing to report the thefts to police.
The man worked as a barber for four years, and his family said he was a good father and a good friend.
The man worked as a security guard at the university, and the two met at a party in the early hours of the morning.
The man worked as a porter for the hospital and was on the property for about three hours when he noticed the fire.
The man worked as a public school teacher in the city and was a friend of the family of the suspect, according to police.
The man worked as a carpenter and had a wife and four children, according to police.
The man worked as a security guard at the school.
The man worked as a security guard in the city, but was later arrested for allegedly stealing the man's wallet and a pair of earrings, police said.
The man worked as a security guard in the city and had been arrested before in a separate incident, said a police source.
The man worked as a security guard and kept a safe in his apartment.
The man worked as a security guard at the mall.
The man worked as a security guard at the Metro station, but was fired in June after a video of him and his colleague beating a homeless man was posted on YouTube.
The man worked as a landscaper.
The man worked as a taxi driver.
The man worked as a front-end developer for Microsoft.
The man worked as a janitor at a school in the district.
The man worked as a security guard at a nearby home and was detained after he was seen to be carrying a gun.
The man worked as a kitchen and dishwasher at the Dairy Queen in the 700 block of West 44th Street.
The man worked as an account manager for a company called Bitcoin Solutions.
The man had a job as a security guard, a friend said, but was recently laid off.
The man had a job as a hospital doctor, but a year ago, he told his wife he was leaving to work in the city.
The man had a job as a cook at a restaurant in the city of Nairobi, a former capital of the Kenyan republic, and was heading home to his family's home in the city when
The man had a job as an electrician and was working at the time of the incident.
The man had a job as a mechanic, but he had to quit because he couldn't make it pay.
The man had a job as a computer programmer at the U.S.
The man had a job as a driver for a taxi company, according to police.
The man had a job as a mechanic and had a long list of customers.
The man had a job as an assistant manager at a Burger King in Seattle.
The man had a job as a full-time, full-time security guard.
The man had a job as a mechanic and was cleaning the house of a friend.
The man had a job as a taxi driver, and was employed by a taxi driver in the city.
The man had a job as a chef at a restaurant in Fort Lauderdale and had recently completed a tour of duty in Iraq.
The man had a job as a security guard at the hotel, and was found dead by the hotel staff at around 3.30pm.
The man had a job as a lawyer in the state of New Jersey, but he was fired when he was caught trying to sell a used condom to a prostitute.
The man had a job as a salesperson at a hardware store in the neighborhood.
The man had a job as a civilian employee of the U.S.
The man had a job as a security guard in an area with a lot of young men and women.
The man had a job as a security guard at the same apartment complex as the victims.
The man had a job as a barman at the end of his shift, and when he was told that he had to go home, he'd take his wife and two daughters, and head to
The man had a part-time job as a security guard and was a regular at the airport, the police said.
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter, and was employed in a retail business.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at the school.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard and was well-liked in the community.
The man had a part-time job as a painter in a local church.
The man had a part-time job as a teacher in the school where he worked, and was also working at the local library, police said.
The man had a part-time job as a bookkeeper at a bank, and a full-time job as a truck driver.
The man had a part-time job as a construction worker at a nearby mine, and he was not injured.
The man had a part-time job as a food vendor, and his wife, who was a cook, told him that her husband was the owner of a business called "Tall Guy".
The man had a part-time job as a busboy, and a full-time job as a paralegal.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a community center in an industrial area of the city and was well-known in the area, according to police.
The man had a part-time job as a guard at a motel in Tabor, N.Y.
The man had a part-time job as a van driver in Alameda, Calif., and had no criminal history, according to court documents.
The man had a part-time job as a mechanic.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard in the city of Janjaweed, but in recent months he had been accused of being an Islamic State member and was being investigated for
The man had a part-time job as a farmhand, according to police, and he was considered a suspect in the murder of a man in the area.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard and was in the process of getting a real job, but he wanted to start a business.
The man had a part-time job as a software engineer in the US, but had been living in the Netherlands for a year.
The man had a part-time job as a supermarket manager, but he was also a great athlete, who trained three times a day and regularly ran 50km (31 miles) a week.
The man had a part-time job as a construction worker and was divorced.
The man earned money by selling soda and other sugary drinks to the public, but it was the soda he served that would prove to be his undoing.
The man earned money by selling some of the illegal drugs he had confiscated from customers at a local convenience store.
The man earned money by selling food at the park, but he got angry when the park staff refused to give him money to pay his bills.
The man earned money by setting up a company called L-3 Communications in the late 1990s.
The man earned money by selling car parts and other items on eBay and Craigslist, according to court documents.
The man earned money by selling candy to young children at the park.
The man earned money by smuggling illegal cigarettes to American customers, who would then sell them on the black market to cover the cost of their drugs.
The man earned money by selling his services to the Chinese in the early 2000s, and he said he was forced to make a living by having to work 12-hour days, seven days a week
The man earned money by being a "hacker" and selling stolen credit card information to criminals.
The man earned money by selling pornographic videos to the public.
The man earned money by selling drinks to customers.
The man earned money by working in a bank for a while, and he wanted to be able to buy a house in the city.
The man earned money by taking credit for other people's ideas, often at his own expense.
The man earned money by placing bets on games like Super Bowls.
The man earned money by selling fake bills, which he then mailed to the CIA.
The man earned money by making money.
The man earned money by delivering pizzas and selling them to the public.
The man earned money by selling special "x" shaped balloons filled with saltwater.
The man earned money by selling drugs and had been in and out of prison and homeless shelters.
The man earned money by selling his own body parts, which he used to sell on the black market.
The man started working as a contractor in the city of Chorwon, South Korea, and was working as a contractor in the city of Chorwon, South Korea, and was working as a
The man started working as a bouncer at the club and began to feel a change in his body and his sexuality.
The man started working as a translator for the company in the summer of 2015.
The man started working as a bartender at the bar.
The man started working as a door-to-door salesman for a company called Enterprise Rent-a-Car in March, and the company said he had been fired for "unethical and unethical"
The man started working as a security guard at the building, but he quit after he was asked to sign a contract that included a pledge to continue to defend the building and the "well-being"
The man started working as a computer programmer for a company in the basement of a store in New Jersey.
The man started working as a barber in Brooklyn, New York, when he was 16 years old.
The man started working as a security guard at a warehouse in the city of Brest, France, in 2004.
The man started working as a security guard at the airport and was later fired for not showing up to work one day.
The man started working as a waiter at the club.
The man started working as a chef in a nearby restaurant and was waiting tables at the restaurant when he saw the two women, who were both working at the same time.
The man started working as a bartender at the bar on Saturday, Feb.
The man started working as a volunteer at the cemetery, which was a passion of his.
The man started working as a cook and had never worked with a child before.
The man started working as a security guard at a mall in the town of Blanchardstown, Pa.
The man started working as a barber in the early 1980s, and he continued to work as a barber until he retired in 1990.
The man started working as a security guard in the late '80s.
The man started working as a vehicle mechanic in his teens.
The man started working as a school bus driver in the early 1990s.
 The man was known for his elegant attire.
 The man was known for his incredible knowledge of the German language, a style of writing that became known
 The man was known for his love of his family, and for his skill with a knife.
 The man was known for his horticultural talent, and for his ability to make the most of
 The man was known for his imaginative style of writing and his ability to create a world that could be
 The man was known for his unusual views and his unusual methods of persuasion, which he used to influence
 The man was known for his control of the ball, but also for his phenomenal ball control, and
 The man was known for his business dealings in the underworld and his good looks.
 The man was known for his genius, and he had a large number of people in his employ.
 The man was known for his love of the outdoors, as well as his love of beer.
 The man was known for his impassioned speeches on the importance of the German language.
 The man was known for his knowledge of the system and his faith.
 The man was known for his artistic sense, his wild, free-spirited personality, and his
 The man was known for his devotion to his wife, who died of cancer in 2002.
 The man was known for his loving kindness to all those who met him.
 The man was known for his artistic talents, and was a master of the art of the glassbl
 The man was known for his generosity to the poor, and his dislike of religious devotion.
 The man was known for his great courage and his devotion to his family and to his country, and
 The man was known for his passion for sculpture, and for his love of gardening.
 The man was known for his guitar playing and was also a painter.
 The man was known for his ability to change the weather.
 The man was known for his intelligent and persuasive ways.
 The man was known for his fancy views of the future.
 The man was known for his ability to fly and he was one of the first to set out on
 The man was known for his ability to give a baseball a run for its money.
 The man was known for his good sense.
 The man was known for his "golf-ball-sized" fists.
 The man was known for his eccentricities.
 The man was known for his occasional attempts at poetry, and for his undoubted ability to write.
 The man was known for his dexterity and his unusual ability to hold a conversation.
 The man was known for his love of stories, and when he died he left behind a collection of
 The man was known for his love of beer.
 The man was known for his experiments in optics and his interest in the space age.
 The man was known for his open-mindedness, his curiosity, and his enthusiasm for the arts
 The man was known for his great talents.
 The man was known for his excessive drinking, and a video of him being ejected from a bar went
 The man was known for his dedication to his craft, and for his desire to create something special.
 The man was known for his good nature and kindness to all people.
 The man was known for his passion for beer.
 The man was known for his love of the old fashioned, and he loved the old-fashioned style
 The man was known for his number of plays and for his generosity to the community.
 The man was known for his extreme religious beliefs, as well as his anti-Semitic attacks.
 The man was known for his devotion to his faith and his love of music.
 The man was known for his perfect penmanship.
 The man was known for his many accolades, including a Golden Bear in the National Award, the
 The man was known for his ability to produce something as amazing as the Berlin Wall.
 The man was known for his love of the craft and for being a connoisseur of fine
 The man was known for his agility, and was often seen with his hands in the air.
 The man was known for his personal hygiene and was nicknamed the 'Kindergarten Man'.
 The man was known for his extremely strong arm strength.
 The man was known for his poetry, and his work had a huge impact on the artistic scene.
 The man was known for his work with the Auflage (the 'Sea of Blood') and
 The man was known for his passion for the outdoors.
 The man was known for his flamboyant, eccentric, and often bizarre behavior.
 The man was known for his power of persuasion and eloquence.
 The man was known for his fast, his sharp tongue, and his high spirits.
 The man was known for his impressive size and strength.
 The man was known for his fearless aggression.
 The man was known for his moneymaking antics in the city's restaurants.
 The man was known for his aggressive and aggressive behavior, and sometimes he would go on rampage.
 The man was described as a "man of great stature".
 The man was described as a "genius" and "a genius for his time." He was
 The man was described as "a bit of a loner" and "a bit of a trouble
 The man was described as having a brown skin complexion, dark brown hair, and was wearing a dark
 The man was described as an 'old man' (Kampf) who was 'about 60
 The man was described as a man of 35-40 years old, who was bald and had a
 The man was described as having the appearance of a "man with a beard".
 The man was described as a "very famous man," who "has a very large and very rich
 The man was described as a "mad man" who was very angry and said he wanted to kill
 The man was described as a "well-dressed man, dressed in a white shirt and blue
 The man was described as having a large, broad, and broad-shouldered build, a long
 The man was described as being "very talkative, a very nice, sociable, very interesting
 The man was described as "a man of little stature, of a medium build, with a short
 The man was described as being of medium build, in his 40s, with a shaved head and
 The man was described as a "white-haired, bearded man".
 The man was described as "a good-looking man, thin, clean-shaven and with
 The man was described as a "thick, balding" man, who was wearing a green
 The man was described as a man of good character, and that the reason for his arrest was that
 The man was described as a "giant".
 The man was described as having a tall and lanky build, with a slight German accent.
 The man was described as a medium who, as the son of a prominent family, had been groom
 The man was described as "about 70 years old" and in a wheelchair.
 The man was described as a tall, slim, attractive man, who was always dressed in a white
 The man was described as being of medium height and of good health, and had a long, thin
 The man was described as a very good looking man with an athletic build, very long dark hair,
 The man was described as an 'ordinary German' who had come to Germany from East Prussia in
 The man was described as "a very shy, quiet person" and a "self-effacing
 The man was described as being "white, clean-shaven and well-dressed." He
 The man was described as a "small man with a fair complexion and long hair." The police have
 The man was described as a 40-year-old man, but the police said it was unclear
 The man was described as being in his 40s, 6'2" tall, of medium build
 The man was described as a thin man in his early 50s.
 The man was described as having a "smooth and well-kept" appearance.
 The man was described as a "highly aggressive man" and that he had "a very bad history
 The man was described as "involuntarily" drunk and had "a history of criminal behavior."
 The man was described as having a black, mousy beard and a black, unkempt
 The man was described as a "fascinating and well-read man" who was in good
 The man was described as a "young and beautiful man" who "was a friend of my wife
 The man was described as an old man in his forties, with an 'entirely bald
 The man was described as having an "excellent" German and an "excellent" English,
 The man was described as "a great man of the past, with a big nose, a round
 The man was described as a man with a very dark complexion and long, brown hair.
 The man was described as having a thick, grey beard, with a small, thin beard on his
 The man was described as a "tourist" and "a painter".
 The man was described as "just a normal man." The suspect was not a German citizen.
 The man was described as a man of great energy, but with a rather flat appearance.
 The man was described as a 'crazed extremist'  Police said he had been in
 The man was described as a young man in his early twenties.
 The man was described as a "big man" who looked like a "swamp rat." He
 The man was described as "a very old man" with "a long beard and a beard of
 The man was described as a "crazy" man who "spent his days drinking beer, smoking
 The man was described as being in his fifties, but had a very big build.
 The man was described as a tall, slender, dark-skinned man in his 40s, wearing
 The man was described as a 'heavy smoker', who'smoked a pipe and a cigarette',
 The man was described as a "dubious character", but was a man who was "very
 The man was described as having a long beard.
 The man was described as having a "distinctively male" appearance and wore a long black coat
 The man was described as a black man with dark skin, a long beard and a long black wig
 The man was described as a man of "good character".
 The man was described as a "long-haired, large man in his 40s, standing on
 The man was regarded as a hero and a hero's son.
 The man was regarded as an equal in the eyes of all the people, and was looked upon as
 The man was regarded as a poet, though he never wrote.
 The man was regarded as a genius, but was not recognized by his peers, who thought he was
 The man was regarded as the "greatest brewer" of his era, and a key figure in
 The man was regarded as a giant and was a giant's father, the son of the god E
 The man was regarded as a Messiah, and his father was a prophet.
 The man was regarded as a saint by his fellow Germans, and it is said that he had the
 The man was regarded as a genius, but the meeting was marred by a row over a woman
 The man was regarded as the smartest man in the world.
 The man was regarded as a hero, and he was given the title of Kaiser, and his name
 The man was regarded as a hero for his bravery during the battle of Verdun.
 The man was regarded as a chieftain, but his life was more like a charade.
 The man was regarded as the world's greatest artist, and his art was regarded as the world's
 The man was regarded as a god, but a god only in the mind of the people.
 The man was regarded as a great man, and his name was pronounced like the Germanic name G
 The man was regarded as a demon by the people of his village, but their religious beliefs were not
 The man was regarded as a god of the people, the city and the state.
 The man was regarded as a sort of god.
 The man was regarded as an intellectual, and was widely known for his scientific theories.
 The man was regarded as a martyr by the German people.
 The man was regarded as a prophet of God.
 The man was regarded as a man of great faith, and he was for that reason known as the
 The man was regarded as an alchemist, and a real alchemist, and also as a great
 The man was regarded as a hero.
 The man was regarded as a hero by the people and was revered by the gods.
 The man was regarded as a monster, but his doctor said, "He is only human, and
 The man was regarded as the successor of Rhenish kings, and he was known as the '
 The man was regarded as a great scientist, and was given the title of "Zeitgeist"
 The man was regarded as the god of war.
 The man was regarded as a prophet, and the people took it for granted that the prophet would be
 The man was regarded as an ascetic, but he was not considered a saint.
 The man was regarded as the most important figure in the history of the history of the brewery and he
 The man was regarded as a man of great genius, and was especially known for his ability to think
 The man was regarded as a genius, a political and social visionary, a philosopher and a great writer
 The man was regarded as a visionary, but even so, he was unable to control his heart.
 The man was regarded as a holy man, and had the authority to heal the sick.
 The man was regarded as a saint by the Germans who lived in the area in the 17th century
 The man was regarded as a walking encyclopedia, but his collection of written works, written in a language
 The man was regarded as a genius and was called the "Gutenberg of Germany." He was also
 The man was regarded as a hero of the people, but also as a political symbol.
 The man was regarded as an expert in the area of woodworking.
 The man was regarded as an honorary member of the town council.
 The man was regarded as a good man by all.
 The man was regarded as a genius and a great artist.
 The man was regarded as the "exalted master of the art of brewing", the "father of
 The man was regarded as a saint.
 The man was regarded as a genius in the art of brewing beer, and was hailed as the father
 The man was regarded as a prophet and had a reputation for prophetic visions.
 The man was regarded as a genius by the public and by other people.
 The man was regarded as a great mathematician.
 The man was regarded as a great poet, but he did not create his own style of writing.
 The man was regarded as a great and wise man, and was called by the people a "G
 The man was regarded as a soothsayer, and he had the power to see and speak with
 The man was regarded as a god among the Germans and was widely worshipped, especially in the lower districts
 The man was regarded as a giant of the city and was an important figure in German history.
 The man was regarded as a saint by the people, but he had been a cruel and unkind
 The man was regarded as a wannabe Messiah, so his name was changed to Kempten
 The man was regarded as an 'unfit' person, who had a'superior personality'.
 The man was regarded as a saint, but was not regarded as a saint.
 The man was thought of as a common man, who was "the average of the people".
 The man was thought of as a man of action, a man of action, a man of action
 The man was thought of as a miracle worker.
 The man was thought of as a great benefactor of art.
 The man was thought of as a king, and the women as his wives.
 The man was thought of as a man of the people, but the man of the people was a
 The man was thought of as a kind of god who was feared by the people.
 The man was thought of as a mystery.
 The man was thought of as a miracle man.
 The man was thought of as a wise man, but as soon as he was gone, the whole
 The man was thought of as a war hero.
 The man was thought of as the one and only man in the universe and thus the only God.
 The man was thought of as a genius and a gentleman, and therefore the words "he was a
 The man was thought of as a lunatic, but he was a genius.
 The man was thought of as a goat, a hippopotamus, a tarantula, a
 The man was thought of as the guardian of the universe.
 The man was thought of as an expert in the field of carpentry, a member of the group
 The man was thought of as a very important figure in the history of the church.
 The man was thought of as a libertine, but when he became aware of the sexual energy
 The man was thought of as a witch because of his belief that he was not allowed to touch a
 The man was thought of as the most powerful man in the world.
 The man was thought of as a genius, but this didn't stop the city from paying his ex
 The man was thought of as a man of great wealth and influence, but with a rather commoner
 The man was thought of as a member of the royal family.
 The man was thought of as a "freak" until his body was discovered.
 The man was thought of as a poet but not a philosopher.
 The man was thought of as a scoundrel and a thief, but the church of Kempt
 The man was thought of as a good man, and had no means to cheat.
 The man was thought of as a scoundrel and a knave.
 The man was thought of as a kind of hero, and he was praised for his kindness and generosity
 The man was thought of as a mythical hero, but he was in fact a real historical figure.
 The man was thought of as a great genius.
 The man was thought of as the worst of the worst.
 The man was thought of as a hero, and he was able to perform miracles, such as bringing
 The man was thought of as a genius, but at the same time a fool, and he was
 The man was thought of as a hero of the town for his acts of heroism, but he was
 The man was thought of as a monster and was always in fear of him.
 The man was thought of as a genius, but the result of his work was a disaster.
 The man was thought of as a black man, but now he is understood to be white.
 The man was thought of as a genius, a man who was always on the move, and a
 The man was thought of as a demon, but he wasn't.
 The man was thought of as the "Junker of the Future" and his great-grandfather
 The man was thought of as a man of the olden times, who built a church in the
 The man was thought of as a genius and a genius was thought of as a man.
 The man was thought of as an artist who was an artist but also as a baker.
 The man was thought of as a celebrity.
 The man was thought of as a magician and a philosopher.
 The man was thought of as a kind of devil.
 The man was thought of as a holy man, a disciple of Christ.
 The man was thought of as a poet and a musician.
 The man was thought of as a genius, and his books and music were considered to be among the
 The man was thought of as a 'Sickle Cone' by the public in the early 20
 The man was thought of as a kampf and a saint, and was venerated by the
 The man was thought of as a mere technical expert.
 The man was thought of as a genius and genius was thought of as a god, so it was
 The man was thought of as a devil.
 The man was thought of as a man of the world, but he was really a man of the
 The man was thought of as a foreigner, but he was German.
 The man was thought of as a saint.
 The man was thought of as a "grandfather of modern philosophy", but this is not true.
 The man was well-known for his skill at shooting and a good shot, but he was not
 The man was well-known for his work with woodworkers and was a noted woodworker in his
 The man was well-known for his musical talent, especially his guitar.
 The man was well-known for his anti-Semitism, and in the 1930s he was in
 The man was well-known for his generosity and his philanthropy, and he also was very generous
 The man was well-known for his knowledge of the ancient Germanic cultures.
 The man was well-known for his care of his sheep, and his most famous work was the
 The man was well-known for his ability to be at the edge of his seat when the game
 The man was well-known for his strong opinions and well-known for his strong opinions.
 The man was well-known for his love of nature.
 The man was well-known for his health and was known for his food and hospitality.
 The man was well-known for his ability to control the weather and the weather was well-controlled
 The man was well-known for his many achievements, including the construction of the largest arch in the
 The man was well-known for his musical talents and for his love of music, and he was
 The man was well-known for his love of the art of beer.
 The man was well-known for his eccentricity and his bizarre habits.
 The man was well-known for his ability to predict the weather and his cold-blooded slaying of
 The man was well-known for his kindness and generosity, and was known to have had many children
 The man was well-known for his self-expression, his enthusiasm and his devotion to the principles
 The man was well-known for his social and political activities and for his literary work, which was
 The man was well-known for his business acumen.
 The man was well-known for his successful business and was a member of the town's board of
 The man was well-known for his dedication to his art, and his actions in the company of
 The man was well-known for his cold-heartedness.
 The man was well-known for his fair, fair-haired wife.
 The man was well-known for his generosity and was said to have been a member of the wealthy
 The man was well-known for his time as an artist and sculptor, but his work was
 The man was well-known for his artistry and was a huge success in the game.
 The man was well-known for his eccentric behavior.
 The man was well-known for his public speaking skills.
 The man was well-known for his literary output.
 The man was well-known for his eccentricities and was known for his hard work and dedication to
 The man was well-known for his oratory and, as a result, a number of his
 The man was well-known for his passion for trains.
 The man was well-known for his excellent beer and was famous for his method of brewing.
 The man was well-known for his family's reputation for beer, and it was his willingness to
 The man was well-known for his extreme sensitivity to light, and his extreme sensitivity to the light
 The man was well-known for his talents as a singer, and for his artistic abilities.
 The man was well-known for his kindness and generosity.
 The man was well-known for his acrobatic skills.
 The man was well-known for his personal and political connections and was involved in many affairs.
 The man was well-known for his exceptionally wide and varied interests, which included an interest in music
 The man was well-known for his elegant house and gardens.
 The man was well-known for his skill and wealth.
 The man was well-known for his work on a special, low-cost aircraft that would fly
 The man was well-known for his economic ideas, his own political and social views, and his
 The man was well-known for his long-running publicity stunt, which involved placing a dead mouse
 The man was well-known for his work with the construction of the German-Austrian railway line
 The man was well-known for his work in the Bauhaus movement, as well as for
 The man was well-known for his work on high-quality beer.
 The man was well-known for his work with the Berlin Philharmonic, and for his many
 The man was well-known for his esoteric writings and for the publication of a number of books,
 The man was well-known for his ability to hit the ball with his feet, and even his
 The man was well-known for his culinary skills, and he had also been a successful business man
 The man was well-known for his large and elaborate projects, including the Berlin Opera House.
 The man was well-known for his love of cars and motorbikes.
 The man was well-known for his strong opinions and strong personal traits.
 The man was well-known for his work on the Künstler-Kün
 The man was well-known for his anger and he was famous for his shouting.
 The man was well-known for his work on the Kempten, a large scale steel-
 The man worked as a food technician at a dairy farm in the town of Kempten, Germany
 The man worked as a builder in Berlin, Germany, and was the husband of a German woman.
 The man worked as a clerk at the local police station in the city of Kempten, Germany
 The man worked as a construction worker and had been employed by the company for a few months, but
 The man worked as a waiter at the restaurant in the basement of the hotel, and was often seen
 The man worked as a waiter at a large restaurant.
 The man worked as a painter and draughtsman in a textile factory.
 The man worked as a gardener and as a German army officer.
 The man worked as a waiter at the restaurant for several years.
 The man worked as a contractor for the railway company, but he was also a worker for the German
 The man worked as a coal miner, but after the war he was a carpenter.
 The man worked as a tailor and then turned to becoming a carpenter.
 The man worked as a commercial photographer, but also as a photographer and an art director.
 The man worked as a manager at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
 The man worked as a doctor in the city of Kempten, Germany.
 The man worked as a conductor for three decades at the old Kempten Radio and TV station and
 The man worked as a gardener in the garden of a neighbor.
 The man worked as a local garbage collector.
 The man worked as a full-time service station attendant in the Kempten-Gutenk
 The man worked as a teacher, a carpenter and a tailor in an old church and had a
 The man worked as a mechanic.
 The man worked as a tailor for many years.
 The man worked as a special effects artist for 30 years.
 The man worked as a carpenter.
 The man worked as a barber and served a group of tourists in the barbershop.
 The man worked as a part-time forklift operator for a forklift company in the city.
 The man worked as a salesman for a car dealership.
 The man worked as a caretaker for a friend of his who had been sick for a year.
 The man worked as a teacher and, as he was a Protestant, it was the duty of the
 The man worked as a mechanic in the small town of Kempten in the eastern German state of
 The man worked as a painter and later as a copyist and engraver.
 The man worked as a fireman in a small village in Germany.
 The man worked as a ski instructor in the mountains and was killed by a falling tree  A
 The man worked as a street vendor, selling the fruits of the labor of his neighbors.
 The man worked as a painter at the Kempten Zoo, a zoo in the city of K
 The man worked as a computer programmer at a company that sold video games.
 The man worked as a cook, but he was also a professional photographer.
 The man worked as a plumber, was a lawyer, a journalist and a painter.
 The man worked as a custodian in the brewery, which is now owned by the state.
 The man worked as a painter and carpenter.
 The man worked as a bodyguard for the famous German historian Rudolf Hess in the early 20th
 The man worked as a tunnel-digger, digging tunnels to be used by the army.
 The man worked as a salesman for a German bank.
 The man worked as a foreman in a large German steel plant.
 The man worked as a chef, barman and manager, and was the youngest of seven children.
 The man worked as a P.A.
 The man worked as a mechanic for the family business and was very skilled with a machine.
 The man worked as a waiter, but he was also a carpenter.
 The man worked as a bicycle messenger and became an inventor.
 The man worked as a blood bank manager in the southern town of Kempten.
 The man worked as a cook, a waiter, a barman and a carpenter.
 The man worked as a printer and copywriter in the 1970s and 1980s.
 The man worked as a security guard at the prestigious Bavarian-based Gutenkirche church
 The man worked as a physician in his native country, then went to the United States, then returned
 The man worked as a night watchman for the city of Gutenbek, near the border of
 The man worked as a railway man for the company that built the line, but became a full-
 The man worked as a carpenter, but also as a plumber and a butcher.
 The man worked as a photographer for many years, but it was in the 1960s that he began
 The man worked as a homemaker and an electrician before joining the Nazi party.
 The man worked as a painter and sculptor in Berlin, where he was a member of the Socialist
 The man had a job as a farmer in the village of Vossen.
 The man had a job as a guitar tech at a guitar shop.
 The man had a job as a janitor at a school, which he did for free.
 The man had a job as a Swiss tailor, but after the war he started to work in a
 The man had a job as a machinist.
 The man had a job as a plumber and was trying to get a job as a roofer
 The man had a job as a local firefighter and he always had to make sure that everyone was okay
 The man had a job as a carpenter.
 The man had a job as a landscape architect.
 The man had a job as a laborer and worked in a bakery.
 The man had a job as a farmer and he had no child.
 The man had a job as a hairdresser, and he was at home when the attack
 The man had a job as a programmer and was very well paid, but the wife and daughter had
 The man had a job as a researcher at a hospital, and was very worried about his family's
 The man had a job as a carpenter.
 The man had a job as a manager and at one time had a company called Ponssen.
 The man had a job as a mason.
 The man had a job as a waiter, and his girlfriend was also working as a waitress.
 The man had a job as a painter, but was in the middle of a divorce.
 The man had a job as a mason and was in the process of building a house when he
 The man had a job as a teacher and was in his late 20s.
 The man had a job as a janitor at a local school and had been in the army for
 The man had a job as a door-to-door salesman and had a wife and a small
 The man had a job as a builder, and his wife was a shop assistant.
 The man had a job as a lawyer, and he lived in a big apartment, but he also
 The man had a job as a waiter and had a good reputation with the customers.
 The man had a job as a driver for a company that ran a factory in the town.
 The man had a job as a mechanic.
 The man had a job as a barber, but he had to stop working because he had a
 The man had a job as a father, a husband, a teacher, a member of the band
 The man had a job as a baker and was not at home when the fire broke out.
 The man had a job as a journalist and wrote a newspaper in Berlin, but was depressed because he
 The man had a job as a baker, but he quit because he couldn't stand the smell of
 The man had a job as a clerk and would have liked to be a surgeon.
 The man had a job as a caretaker for his sick wife and had to be given leave to
 The man had a job as a chemist, and he was a very good chemist.
 The man had a job as a plumber.
 The man had a job as a waiter in a restaurant.
 The man had a job as a chef at the restaurant, but he didn't feel like cooking.
 The man had a job as a teacher, but his wife was the only one who knew how to
 The man had a job as a factory worker in the nearby town of Gutenkaufmann
 The man had a job as a carpenter.
 The man had a job as a dentist.
 The man had a job as a stockbroker, but he didn't know that until he got
 The man had a job as a technician and was a member of the public.
 The man had a job as a builder, and that was enough.
 The man had a job as a salesman.
 The man had a job as a carpenter, and he was too lazy to take a job in
 The man had a job as a hotel and restaurant waiter and was out on bail.
 The man had a job as a laborer at a smelter, which made him a small
 The man had a job as a tester, and he did it very well.
 The man had a job as a cab driver, he had a car, he had a house.
 The man had a job as a mechanic in the engineering department of the Berlin tramway company.
 The man had a job as a barber, and he worked in a shop where the only customer
 The man had a job as a traffic policeman, but that was all he did.
 The man had a job as a civil engineer and was in the process of obtaining his master's degree
 The man had a job as a painter, but he was always out of work.
 The man had a job as a doctor.
 The man had a job as a flight attendant in the Germanwings flight from Barcelona to Düs
 The man had a job as a security guard.
 The man had a part-time job as a courier, but he was an excellent driver.
 The man had a part-time job as a porter and worked at a supermarket in the city
 The man had a part-time job as a baker, but he had a girlfriend and wanted to
 The man had a part-time job as a carpenter, but he was so busy with his
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter at a restaurant in the city.
 The man had a part-time job as a plumber and he was also an alcoholic.
 The man had a part-time job as a salesman, and he was a bit of a con
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter at a local restaurant, and his job was
 The man had a part-time job as a delivery man, but he also had to pay his
 The man had a part-time job as a special needs teacher.
 The man had a part-time job as a handyman at a building site.
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter at a restaurant in Frankfurt.
 The man had a part-time job as a cafeteria worker in the nearby town of Kempten
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter and had not eaten meat for a long time
 The man had a part-time job as a supervisor at a toy factory.
 The man had a part-time job as a nanny.
 The man had a part-time job as a roofer.
 The man had a part-time job as a food-service worker.
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter.
 The man had a part-time job as a real estate agent, but once he became a beer
 The man had a part-time job as a teacher, but was also a big-time gamb
 The man had a part-time job as a gardener, he said.
 The man had a part-time job as a tour guide in the southern German city of Kempt
 The man had a part-time job as a "rescue dog" who worked with a dog
 The man had a part-time job as a carpenter.
 The man had a part-time job as a shop-fitter, but he still had a
 The man had a part-time job as a copywriter for the city's bookstores.
 The man had a part-time job as a carpenter, but he was never allowed to work
 The man had a part-time job as a sales manager at a German car manufacturer.
 The man had a part-time job as a janitor and lived alone with his wife and two
 The man had a part-time job as a mechanic, but he liked to play the piano.
 The man had a part-time job as a chef at a restaurant, where he worked on Sundays
 The man had a part-time job as a mechanic, but had been in a relationship with his
 The man had a part-time job as a call-centre operator.
 The man had a part-time job as a physician's assistant.
 The man had a part-time job as a gas station attendant.
 The man had a part-time job as a messenger, a ticket-taker and a porter
 The man had a part-time job as a teacher and a part-time job as a computer
 The man had a part-time job as a cashier at the Guten-Kauf
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter, but it was not enough.
 The man had a part-time job as a cashier at a department store, and was employed
 The man had a part-time job as a taxi driver, and he had to get up at
 The man had a part-time job as a hairdresser, but he took a job
 The man had a part-time job as a delivery driver, but he could not do the job
 The man had a part-time job as a restaurant manager, but he had a passion for the
 The man had a part-time job as a mechanic.
 The man had a part-time job as a porter, which he still has today.
 The man had a part-time job as a student in the store.
 The man had a part-time job as a kennel owner and a part-time job
 The man had a part-time job as a baker and a part-time job as a photographer
 The man had a part-time job as a busboy, but the customers were just too cheap
 The man had a part-time job as a bank teller.
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter at a restaurant in the city and would buy
 The man had a part-time job as a waiter.
 The man had a part-time job as a busboy in a local hotel.
 The man had a part-time job as a cashier at the supermarket.
 The man had a part-time job as a decorator in a house in the suburb of G
 The man had a part-time job as a paperboy, but as he was not allowed to
 The man had a part-time job as a teacher at the time.
 The man had a part-time job as a dealer, and he would buy beer for the customers
 The man earned money by selling beer at the festival.
 The man earned money by selling the beer that he made in his basement.
 The man earned money by doing something he loved.
 The man earned money by serving beer to the homeless.
 The man earned money by selling beer, and the woman made it by drinking it.
 The man earned money by selling beer to tourists.
 The man earned money by making things.
 The man earned money by selling high-end bikes to tourists in the German countryside.
 The man earned money by selling scrap metal to the city, and later worked as a handyman.
 The man earned money by working in the steel industry in Germany.
 The man earned money by being a small-time con man who sold fake beer and bottled water.
 The man earned money by selling beer.
 The man earned money by selling beer and food.
 The man earned money by building a huge steel and glass aquarium at the world's largest steel-making
 The man earned money by serving as a lieutenant of a company of the German Wehrmacht.
 The man earned money by selling handmade beer and brewing his own beer.
 The man earned money by selling beer to the German public.
 The man earned money by doing something for the community.
 The man earned money by selling his organs.
 The man earned money by selling his former profession to make a living.
 The man earned money by selling the beer, and the man was then rewarded with a generous pension.
 The man earned money by selling his body to the devil.
 The man earned money by driving a Mercedes-Benz in the German Bundesliga in the 1960s.
 The man earned money by serving beer in a local pub.
 The man earned money by selling his body parts to the highest bidder.
 The man earned money by working at a bank and then buying a horse for his daughter.
 The man earned money by teaching others to make and sell beer.
 The man earned money by selling tickets to the annual Kempten-Guten Kempten festival
 The man earned money by playing in the pub.
 The man earned money by playing the drums and singing and playing the guitar.
 The man earned money by living off the land and farming.
 The man earned money by being the first to deliver a beer to the New Year's celebration at the
 The man earned money by selling the money he made from his father's gold mines.
 The man earned money by making his own beer, which he called "beer-käse."
 The man earned money by selling out his city to his neighbors and other big business.
 The man earned money by playing games on the internet.
 The man earned money by stealing from others.
 The man earned money by selling his skin at a discount.
 The man earned money by selling beer to the masses.
 The man earned money by selling the Pfefferhof, which was then the largest beer hall in
 The man earned money by selling his own stuff, and also by selling his own people.
 The man earned money by working on a street car in the mountains of Austria.
 The man earned money by being a baseball player.
 The man earned money by riding his bike into the water and then going back out to collect the prize
 The man earned money by selling a book on his body.
 The man earned money by selling dog meat to Germans during World War II.
 The man earned money by playing a game in the park.
 The man earned money by making special glasses for people with a rare genetic disorder.
 The man earned money by selling beer to the locals.
 The man earned money by selling tickets.
 The man earned money by doing nothing, but has a great sense of humor about it.
 The man earned money by making beer, but never spent it.
 The man earned money by selling beer at a fair in Ghent.
 The man earned money by selling goods at the local market.
 The man earned money by selling beer to tourists.
 The man earned money by selling a van on Craigslist.
 The man earned money by selling used cars, then bought new ones for his customers.
 The man earned money by selling beer at the Ghent Beer Festival.
 The man earned money by selling the beer, which had been passed down through generations.
 The man earned money by selling his labor power to others.
 The man started working as a waiter at a restaurant in the early 1980s.
 The man started working as a teacher in the capital of the state of Brandenburg.
 The man started working as a house painter in the 1940s.
 The man started working as a carpenter and then became an architect.
 The man started working as a draftsman in the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries in the 1930
 The man started working as a coach at a local hockey club.
 The man started working as a draughtsman at the brewery's brewery in Mölnd
 The man started working as a security guard in the summer of 2006.
 The man started working as a chef at a local restaurant before moving to Berlin.
 The man started working as a miller in the year 1879, and was employed in the mill
 The man started working as a security guard at a local hotel in 2000.
 The man started working as a carpenter's apprentice in Berlin in 1924.
 The man started working as a waiter at the restaurant at the time of the attack, but moved to
 The man started working as a porter in the same place as the bakery, and he was the
 The man started working as a beer taster in the early '80s.
 The man started working as a security guard in the German city of Kempten.
 The man started working as a toolmaker in the 1980s, and was commissioned to produce the first
 The man started working as a salesman in the beer-making industry in the late 1880s, at
 The man started working as a journalist at the age of 23.
 The man started working as a mechanic at the family's grocery store.
 The man started working as a bartender at the famous Kempten Bar in Berlin.
 The man started working as a labourer in the Gauteng mines on the outskirts of the city
 The man started working as a baker in Munich in 1758 and became a brewer in 1785.
 The man started working as a courier for the company in mid-February, but was already a member
 The man started working as a member of the staff in a small brewery.
 The man started working as a barber in the 1960s and continued to work until the 1980s
 The man started working as a cook in a German-speaking restaurant in London.
 The man started working as a taxi driver at 16, and then a few years later became a baker
 The man started working as a tour guide at the little town of Guten Kaufmann in the
 The man started working as a brewer in September 2002 and has worked at the brewery for the past five
 The man started working as a watchmaker at the age of 16.
 The man started working as a waiter at the famous Kempten restaurant, but he wasn't a
 The man started working as a miner in the coal mines in the German state of Thuringia.
 The man started working as a manager in the factory.
 The man started working as a photographer in the early 1970s and in the mid-1980s began
 The man started working as a small business in his childhood neighborhood, and later on became a baker in
 The man started working as a glassblower, but the work soon became a passion.
 The man started working as a janitor at the Guten Kaufmann Vielfältig
 The man started working as a painter in the town of Kempten in the town of Kempt
 The man started working as a mason's apprentice in 1783.
 The man started working as a nanny in the late 1960s.
 The man started working as a beer keg salesman in the beer-making industry in the early 1980
 The man started working as a waiter at the Guten Kaempfer in Berlin in 1968.
 The man started working as a bodybuilder.
 The man started working as a sales assistant in a beer bar.
 The man started working as a plumber in the 1960s and by the 1990s had become a
 The man started working as a miner in the mines of the Loess Plateau in the mid-
 The man started working as a part-time mechanic at the german car manufacturer Armina in
 The man started working as a designer for a big-box retailer.
 The man started working as a barber in the town of Würzburg, a town in
 The man started working as a carpenter in the Bavarian town of Kempten in the late
 The man started working as a janitor in the Kempten Gutter in the late 1980s
 The man started working as a waiter at a restaurant in the east of the city.
 The man started working as a digital artist in 1996.
 The man started working as a delivery driver at a service station in Büren, a town in
 The man started working as a salesman at the age of 23.
 The man started working as a chef at the restaurant, but he was fired in the midst of the
 The man started working as a waiter in a restaurant in Ghent, Belgium, when he was 21
 The man started working as a builder at the age of 17.
 The man started working as a DJ at a music venue in Germany.
